Misc. editorial changes (#1143)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

consider an application sending high and low resolution video using a
codec with temporal scalability. Each resolution is sent as a separate
track to allow the subscriber to pick the appropriate resolution given
the display environment and available bandwidth. Each independently
coded sequence of pictures in a resolution is sent as a group as the
first picture in the sequence can be used as a random access point.
This allows the client to join at the logical points where decoding

> of the stream can start without needing information before the join

Reviewer: "decoding of stream" seems bit ambiguous. I prefer the original text where it is referring to decoding of the media,

Author: Agreed that "decoding of the media" is better herein, as "stream" has a special meaning in this document.

points. The temporal layers are sent as separate subgroups to allow
the priority mechanism to favor lower temporal layers when there is

> not enough bandwidth to send all temporal layers. Each picture is sent

Reviewer: s/picture/frame of video

objects to subgroups in order to leverage the features of streams as described
above.

> When assigning Objects to different Subgroups, a reasonable tradeoff should be considered
> between having a good number of Subgroups (hence a good number of different priorities) in
> a group and minimizing the number of streams used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When assigning Objects to different Subgroups, a reasonable tradeoff should be
considered between having a good number of Subgroups (hence a good number of
different priorities) in a group and minimizing the number of streams used.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure we want to delete all of the text regarding dependencies.

Author: Hmm, then it'd be great if you could read the problems I pointed out in https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/issues/955 and suggest how to resolve them otherwise.

> different priorities) in a group and minimizing the number of streams used.

Author: As I commented in the github issue, it is OK to me anyway as long as the potential issues have been considered such that an fully informed decision is made. The current new wording is at least an improvement to the old one, including the subtle change mentioned and the softening.

entire Track can opt to receive only Groups starting from a given Group ID.
Groups can contain any number of Objects.

> ### Group ID Allocation

Author: @afrind suggested to change the title of "Group Ordering" in context of https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/issues/1129. So given the context of https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/issues/1129, you still think having the title "Group Ordering" herein is more appropriate?

> ### Group ID Allocation

Reviewer: ah makes sense. Then can we just called it Group IDs ?

PUBLISH_NAMESPACE (i.e. a PUBLISH_NAMESPACE ought not to be echoed back to its
sender).

> An endpoint SHOULD report the reception of an PUBLISH_NAMESPACE_OK or

Author: "an PUBLISH_NAMESPACE_OK" ->  "a PUBLISH_NAMESPACE_OK"

PUBLISH_NAMESPACE (i.e. a PUBLISH_NAMESPACE ought not to be echoed back to its
sender).

An endpoint SHOULD report the reception of a PUBLISH_NAMESPACE_OK or
PUBLISH_NAMESPACE_ERROR to the application to inform the search for additional
subscribers for a namespace, or to abandon the attempt to publish under this
namespace. This might be especially useful in upload or chat applications. A
subscriber MUST send exactly one PUBLISH_NAMESPACE_OK or PUBLISH_NAMESPACE_ERROR

> in response to an PUBLISH_NAMESPACE. The publisher SHOULD close the session with
> a protocol error if it receives more than one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in response to a PUBLISH_NAMESPACE. The publisher SHOULD close the session with
a protocol error if it receives more than one.
```

PUBLISH_NAMESPACE (i.e. a PUBLISH_NAMESPACE ought not to be echoed back to its
sender).

> An endpoint SHOULD report the reception of an ANNOUNCE_OK or ANNOUNCE_ERROR to
> the application to inform the search for additional subscribers for a namespace,
> or to abandon the attempt to publish under this namespace. This might

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An endpoint SHOULD report the reception of an PUBLISH_NAMESPACE_OK or
PUBLISH_NAMESPACE_ERROR to the application to inform the search for additional
subscribers for a namespace, or to abandon the attempt to publish under this
namespace. This might
```

Reviewer 2: Some additional text wrapping is needed for this paragraph now that I fixed ANNOUNCE/PUBLISH_NAMESPACE.

updated via SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE message.  The subscriber priority of an individual
schedulable object is the subscriber priority of the request that caused that
object to be sent. When subscriber priority is changed, a best effort SHOULD be

> made to apply the change to all objects that have not been scheduled, but it is

Reviewer: sent is fine or "scheduled to be sent" is fine too.

subscription. Subscriptions can only be narrowed, not widened, as an attempt to
widen could fail. If Objects with Locations smaller than the current
subscription's Start Location are required, FETCH can be used to retrieve
them. The Start Location MUST NOT decrease and the End Group MUST NOT increase.
However, when a subscriber sends a SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE to narrow a subscription,
there is no guarantee that the subscriber won't receive Objects outside the
narrowed range. A publisher MUST terminate the session with a
`PROTOCOL_VIOLATION` if the SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE violates these rules or if the

> subscriber specifies a request ID that has not existed within the Session.

Reviewer: I am big supporter of brevity, but in this case the extra details matters i feel

> them. The Start Location MUST NOT decrease and the End Group MUST NOT increase.
> However, when a subscriber sends a SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE to narrow a subscription,
> there is no guarantee that the subscriber won't receive Objects outside the
> narrowed range. A publisher MUST terminate the session with a
> `PROTOCOL_VIOLATION` if the SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE violates these rules or if the
> subscriber specifies a request ID that has not existed within the Session.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
them. The Start Location MUST NOT decrease and the End Group MUST NOT increase.
A publisher MUST terminate the session with a `PROTOCOL_VIOLATION` if the
SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE violates these rules or if the subscriber specifies a request
ID that has not existed within the Session.

When a subscriber narrows their subscription, it might still receive objects
outside the new range if the publisher sent them before the update was
processed.
```
